---
title: "MOVE: Matching Game for Partial Offloading in Vehicular Edge Computing"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/2024_June
excerpt: "This paper introduces a cooperative offloading scheme using matching-theory, enabling vehicles and RSUs to execute computations with deadline constraints."
date: 2024-04-30
venue: '2024 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), Denver, CO, USA (Accepted For Publication)'
classes: wide
---
## Authors
Mahmuda Akter, Debjyoti Sengupta, **Anurag Satpathy**, and Sajal Das

## Conference
*2024 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), Denver, CO, USA (Accepted For Publication)* 

## Abstract
Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) require substantial computational resources to perform operations that safely navigate vehicles in urban road networks. Resource-intensive operations are offloaded to roadside units (RSUs), acting as edge servers, to improve the responsiveness and reduce the energy consumed in execution. In this context, a cooperative execution involving the vehicular on-board units (OBUs) and the RSUs can act as a game changer. However, partial offloading is non-trivial and demands addressing the following research challenges. 
Firstly, the RSU's resources are limited, necessitating regulated resource assignments. Secondly, capturing distinctive vehicle parameters using a unified ranking scheme is imperative. Thirdly, an efficient partition strategy must consider the energy expended and adhere to the real-time operations' deadline needs. This paper proposes a partial offloading scheme, MOVE, catering to the abovementioned challenges. A deferred acceptance algorithm (DAA) with preferences is proposed to address the first two challenges, whereas a novel energy-aware partitioning strategy resolves the final challenge. The performance of the proposed scheme is evaluated against baseline algorithms, and we observed a 54.04% and 52.17% reduction in offloading latency and energy.

[Download Paper Here]
